UPDATE: Plugin::Plugin.go to support public images (#11)
harness-community/drone-docker-image-migration: README.md

| username <span style="font-size: 10px"><br/>`string`</span> <span style="color:red; font-size: 10px">`required`</span>    |                                                   | Username to login to the destination registry                    |
| password <span style="font-size: 10px"><br/>`string`</span>                                                               |                                                   | PAT / access token to authenticate with the destination registry |
| destination <span style="font-size: 10px"><br/>`string`</span> <span style="color:red; font-size: 10px">`required`</span> |                                                   | The destination where image will be copied                       |

> | source_is_public <span style="font-size: 10px"><br/>`boolean`</span>                                                             | Default: `false`                                  | Overwrite the existing image at destination, if present          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| source_is_public <span style="font-size: 10px"><br/>`boolean`</span> | Default: `false` | Set to `true` if the source registry is public and does not require authentication |
```
